Plugins doc review chunk 2 (#67691)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/add-distributed-tracing-for-backend-plugins.md

tracing = true
```

> **Note:** If tracing is disabled in Grafana, `backend.DefaultTracer()` returns a no-op tracer.

### OpenTelemetry configuration

Grafana supports [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) for distributed tracing. If Grafana is configured to use a deprecated tracing system (Jaeger or OpenTracing), then tracing is disabled in the plugin. 

> **Note:** Although Grafana doesn't support Jaeger, it supports [OpenTelemetry Jaeger propagator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/propagator-jaeger) for HTTP header propagation.

OpenTelemetry must be enabled and configured for the Grafana instance. Please refer to the [Grafana configuration documentation](
{{< relref "../../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#tracingopentelemetry" >}}) for more information.

Refer to the [OpenTelemetry Go SDK](https://pkg.go.dev/go.opentelemetry.io/otel) for in-depth documentation about all the features provided by OpenTelemetry.

## Implement tracing in your plugin

> **Note:** Make sure you are using at least grafana-plugin-sdk-go v0.157.0. You can update with `go get -u github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-sdk-go`.

### Configure a global tracer

> When OpenTelemetry tracing is enabled on the main Grafana instance and tracing is enabled for a plugin, the OpenTelemetry endpoint address and propagation format is passed to the plugin during startup. These parameters are used to configure a global tracer.

Reviewer: > These parameters are used to configure a global tracer.

Yes this is technically true. The global tracer is provided by the SDK and configured when calling `datasource.Manage` | `app.Manage`. There _is_ another way to enable tracing without using `datasource/app.Manage`, but we want to discourage that because those plugins won't use our instance management and that comes with other limitations.

For this reason we originally decided to remove from this doc page all references to "configuring tracing manually", or using other tracers that are not provided by the SDK, and only provided examples using `datasource/app.Manage`

> 1. Use `datasource.Manage` or `app.Manage` to run your plugin to automatically configure the global tracer, and specify custom attributes for the default tracer: 

Author: Done. FYI, the rule of thumb is to keep sentence length under 25 words for readability (so the combined sentence was still under this limit).

When OpenTelemetry tracing is enabled on the main Grafana instance and tracing is enabled for a plugin, the OpenTelemetry endpoint address and propagation format is passed to the plugin during startup. These parameters are used to configure a global tracer.

> 1. Use `datasource.Manage` or `app.Manage` to run your plugin to automatically configure the global tracer. Also, specify custom attributes for the default tracer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Use `datasource.Manage` or `app.Manage` to run your plugin to automatically configure the global tracer. Specify any custom attributes for the default tracer using `CustomAttributes`:
```

Author: done

   }
   ```

> 1. Once you have configured tracing, retrieve the global tracer like this:

Author: Google style for "access" is "avoid when you can" https://developers.google.com/style/word-list

> 1. Once you have configured tracing, retrieve the global tracer like this:

Reviewer 2: ok, how about 'use' instead?

> 1. Once you have configured tracing, retrieve the global tracer like this:

Author: done

   ```go
   tracing.DefaultTracer()
   ```

>    This returns an OpenTelemetry [`trace.Tracer`](https://pkg.go.dev/go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace#Tracer) for creating spans.

Author: fixed
